1) drop and delete - "Drop" refers to removing an entire database object, such as a table, view, or index, from the database schema.
                     "Delete", on the other hand, refers to removing specific data rows from a table.
   update and alter - "UPDATE" statement is used to modify one or more records in a table. It changes the values of one or more columns of an existing record(s) in a table. 
                      "CONVERT" is a SQL function used to convert data from one data type to another.
                      ----CONVERT ( data_type [ ( length ) ] , expression [ , style ] )
                      "ALTER" statement is used to modify the structure of a table, such as adding or deleting columns, changing the data type of columns, or adding or removing constraints.  
                      "CAST" is a function in SQL that allows you to convert a value of one data type to another. It is used to change the data type of a column or an expression to a different data type.
2) In foreign key we have to decide that which table should be main table and which table have foreign key.
3) null != null
4) drop and truncate - DROP TABLE statement is used to remove the entire table from the database.
                       TRUNCATE TABLE statement is used to remove all rows from a table without deleting the table structure itself.
5) using auto_increment syntax we have to define primary key also for which we column we are using bcs it is a unique value.
6) In group by key we can only select column which we are grouping and only can select on which column we are performing aggregation function apart from these we can not add another column in select statement.
7) you cannot use the HAVING clause without using the GROUP BY clause in the same query.
8) Where Clause and Group By Clause --> What should be the proper sequence??
   Answer -> Where Clause and then Group By bsc WHERE clause filters the rows before they are grouped.
9) In a SQL query, the recommended order of clauses is generally:
    SELECT
    FROM
    JOIN
    ON
    WHERE
    GROUP BY
    HAVING
    ORDER BY
    COUNT 
10) The SQL CASE statement is used to evaluate a set of conditions and return a specific value if the condition is true.CASE statement to perform different operations like sorting, filtering, and aggregating data based on certain conditions.
11) Window functions are used in SQL to perform calculations across a set of rows that are related to the current row. 
    Syntax for window function
    agg-function()-------|
          +              |------ over(partition by col1,col2,col3 | order by col4,col5)
    window-function()----|
12) To perform a rolling sum or any other rolling calculation, we typically use the ORDER BY clause.
13) With only one wf defination we can only apply one type of window function which can be avg(),sum() etc
14) RANK(): This function assigns the same rank to rows that have the same values.
    DENSE_RANK(): This function also assigns the same rank to rows that have the same values, but it doesn't increment the rank of the next row by the number of tied rows.
    ROW_NUMBER(): This function assigns a unique row number to each row within a specified window, starting at 1 and incrementing by 1 for each subsequent row.
    LAG(column, offset, default), The LAG() function returns the value of a column from a row that is offset a specified number of rows before the current row within a partition. 
    LEAD() function works similarly to the LAG() function, but returns the value of a column from a row that is offset a specified number of rows after the current row within a partition
15) When a SQL statement is executed, the database engine processes the SELECT clause from left to right, so any aliases used in the SELECT clause must be defined before they are referenced.
16) The IN and NOT IN operators in SQL are used to match a value with a set of values.
17) "CONCAT" function to concatenate details from multiple columns in MySQL.
18)  If you are trying to use a subquery in a comparison expression, but the subquery returns more than one column, you will get this error.
19) ROUND is a mathematical function in SQL that rounds a numeric value to a specified precision or number of decimal places.
20) Frame Clause - The frame clause in SQL window functions is used to define the subset of rows within a partition that the window function operates on.
                   It allows you to specify the range or boundary of rows that should be considered for the calculation of the window function within each partition.
21) Views - It can be useful for simplifying complex queries, providing a more secure way to control access to data, and separating the concerns of data storage and retrieval.
            It is a virtual table.
22) WITH - It can be used to simplify complex SQL queries by breaking them down into smaller, more manageable parts.
           It is also known as Common Table Expression or CTE is a temporary named result set that you can reference within a SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE statement.
23) with clause can be faster bcs cte that exists only for the duration of the SQL statement that uses it so we have to perform query single time,
    the query that uses view we have to execute it multiple time .
24) learn recursive query.
25) see joins










